the internet is going wild over this
problem
a book cost one dollar plus half its
price
how much does it cost to solve the
problem
suppose the book costs b dollars
this is equal to one plus half its price
which is equal to b over two
to figure out how much the book cost we
need to solve this equation
b is equal to one plus b over two
we subtract b over two from both sides
and then multiply both sides by two
b is equal to two therefore the book
costs two dollars what do you think
2b or not 2b
thanks for making us one of the best
communities on youtube
see you next episode of mind your
decisions where we solve the world's
problems
one video at a time
you